A. Quick Questions

1. Explain the difference between the 'r' and 'w' modes when opening a file.
The 'r' is used when you want to read data from a file.  If the file does not exist, It will get an error
The 'w'  is used when you want to write data to a file.  If the file does exist, opening it in 'w' mode will overwrite the file

2. What is a file object and how is it different from a file name or the file's contents?
- A file object represents a file that has been opened
- File name: a string that represents the name of a file
- File's contents are the actual data that is stored in the file.

3. Why is it necessary to close a file after it has been opened and used?
If  do not close the file when done, these resources will remain in use until the program finishes running, and the data maybe lost

4. What is a good principle for deciding whether a literal value should be stored in a CONSTANT?
- Constants are used to store values that are not likely to change during execution.

5. Write a single Python expression that would evaluate to the file extension of a variable like
filename = "this_is_a_name.txt" or filename = "document.docx"
In those two examples, the result of the expression would be txt and docx respectively.

filename.find(.) +1:

6. What is a good number of quick questions to have at the start of a practical?
1


B. Logic Exercise
There is exactly 1 false statement in this list.
There are exactly 2 false statements in this list.
There are exactly 3 false statements in this list.

There are exactly 2 false statements in the list.

The first statement claims that there is exactly 1 false statement in the list, but this statement itself is false,
because there are actually 2 false statements in the list. The second statement claims that there are exactly 2 false statements in the list, which is true.
The third statement claims that there are exactly 3 false statements in the list, but this is false because there are only 2 false statements in the list.

Therefore, there are 2 false statements in the list.